[HttpFoundation] Make `Request::createFromGlobals()` parse the body of PUT, DELETE, PATCH and QUERY requests (#61961)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/HttpFoundation/CHANGELOG.md

 * Add support for structured MIME suffix
 * Deprecate using `Request::sendHeaders()` after headers have already been sent; use a `StreamedResponse` instead
 * Deprecate method `Request::get()`, use properties `->attributes`, `query` or `request` directly instead

>  * Make `Request::createFromGlobals()` use `request_parse_body` when possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Make `Request::createFromGlobals()` parse the body of PUT DELETE, PATCH, QUERY requests
```
